Freddie's are always looking for new
ways to energize donors now as Mike
Schuh reports a colorful twist on an old
idea is looking good for the cool kids
campaign put 12,000 people in white
shirts promise them a good time and set
them free oh yeah dowson with colored
cornstarch again and again and again
do this and you have the country's
largest 5k series the Color Run and for
the first time on May eleventh it's
coming to Baltimore to the stadium area
downtown coming to benefit the cool kids
campaign a charity that helps kids with
cancer survive and thrive the color run
and they call it the happiest 5k on the
planet well gee why would they call it
that so popular races sell out within
minutes of registration opening in fact
the registration for the Baltimore race
opened on Friday and they sold out one
race in about two days opened up a 2pm
race and they're well on their way to
selling that out the cool kids campaign
will supply four hundred volunteers to
staff the two Baltimore races and at
these color stations survivors and
caregivers doctors and sponsors will go
wild so unlike most runs were the people
on the sidelines are cheering for the
runners this is the runners cheering for
the people on the sidelines that's what
we hope because it's all about these
kids their families the caregivers our
sponsors who support us and make it
possible to do all this for the kids
it's all about them and we want all the
runners to know that so it's not sold
out yet but it will be in towson Mike
Schuh WJZ Eyewitness News looks so fun
the cost is $45 cool kids could raise 15
to 30 thousand dollars to register go to
CBS baltimore com click on news tab and
look for this story and you'll find the
link there you only said think is at the
end of the race you got all this color
or your t-shirt you go to wash it it's
gonna be on call that is true so maybe
no washing it I know you said you would
like to be one of those people throwing
we're both running in daddy would be
pretty cool